Ray Smith raids in greeting sons and
daughters of AMC I'm one of the many
that found you during the mos production
/ release and have been hooked ever
since my question to you is this with
the talk of dawn of Justice wrapping up
filming soon could DC / Warner Brothers
throw us the ultimate curveball and with
the release of their trailer during the
release of the new Hobbit film and hit
us with a 2015 release date for dawn of
Justice keep bringing the filthy okay
first of all this whole rumor going
around that there's going to be a dawn
of justice trailer playing with the
hobbit put that away not going to happen
it's not going to happen and nobody
nobody anywhere official has said that
so but and I just see that's just it's
been said so many times a lot of people
just believe it as fact I hey is it
possible she earns the rights to do so
anything's possible but nobody has said
that's actually happening aside from
that it is so funny that this question
comes in because me Schnepp and
christian when we went to go see the
Star Wars trailer we were talking about
that exact same thing I will go out at
look do I believe this is what's
happening no absolutely not i don't but
put that aside for a second this would
be one of the greatest strokes of
marketing genius in the history of this
business if Warner Brothers artificially
a year ago said oh no we're pushing the
new justice league movie 2 2016 the
Batman vs even house can be 2000 got us
all mad stuff like that we're sitting
around here waiting for another a year
and a half until the movies come out and
then all of a sudden just before
Christmas this year during the Hobbit
trailer comes out you see some Batman
you see some Superman whatever not a lot
of finished effect shots yet then the
screws black comes up coming BAM 2015 I
would lose my mind it would you get
everybody talking about yes it would be
genius it's not happening but not in a
million years but it would be amazing I
mean that would be quite a stroke of
genius on their part to do that I didn't
they're not going to do that is this is
no but how great would it be a Christmas
miracle
yeah it would be great if I could fly
like Superman but it's not gonna happen
like we said here think we're gonna
waiting a year and a half and then all
of a sudden actually sudden you have
form in four months it's coming crazy
watch for yellow I hope this super does
that someday that's some movie like
that's a great idea what's the property
to do that but I'm really push them back
when it's two down or just comes out
some misses you know what we're not
gonna wait make you wait we're ready
together before no brothers Waller style
yeah yeah you want your went back
to use your son BAM hey everyone if you
liked this video click that thumbs up
button and make sure to subscribe to our
AMC movie news YouTube channel it's free
and helps you stay up to date with all
the latest movie news as well as our
daily AMC movie talk show also make sure
that you follow us on Facebook and
Twitter to stay up to date with all of
our special promotions contests and
prize giveaways